testing 1 2 3 we're on we're here to
investigate a patient that killed three
innocent teenagers on a Halloween in
1978 he was shot by his own psychiatrist
and taken into custody that night and
spent the last 40 years in captivity
hello Michael I have something you might
like to see
everyone in my family like turns into a
nutcase this time of year I mean your
grandmother is Laurie Strode she was
almost a murder wasn't it her brother
who murdered all those babysitters no it
was not her brother that's the main if
people made up Tino's head I pray every
night that he would escape hey Belle did
you do that for
so I can kill him the bus crashed
what bus crash Michael escaped
excuse me somebody's in here it's waited
for this night who's waited for me
I waited for him
you don't believe in the boogeyman
my god
you should can close the closet door
[Music]